# Pong Game
This project is a simple implementation of a Pong game using SFML (Simple and Fast Multimedia Library). The game allows two players to control paddles and compete against each other to bounce a ball back and forth. The purpose of this readme is to provide an overview of the project and how to use it.

# IDE used in the implementation
- Code::Blocks

# Features
## Two-player gameplay;
- Keyboard control for paddles.
- Ball bouncing off walls and paddles.
- Automatic ball reset after going out of bounds.

# Usage
- Make sure you have SFML installed on your system. If you haven't installed SFML yet, visit the SFML website for instructions on installation.
- Open the Code::Blocks project file.
- Build the project in Code::Blocks to compile the code.
- After successful compilation, run the executable generated by Code::Blocks.
- The game window will open, and you can now start playing.

# How to Play
- Player 1 (left paddle) can move up using the 'W' key and down using the 'S' key.
- Player 2 (right paddle) can move up using the up arrow key and down using the down arrow key.
- The ball will automatically start moving towards the right.
- Each time the ball collides with a paddle, it will change its horizontal direction.
- If the ball goes beyond the left or right boundary of the window, it will reset to the center and change its horizontal direction.

# Note
- This is a basic implementation of the Pong game and serves as a starting point for further enhancements and customizations. Feel free to modify the code and add more features to create your own version of the game!

- Enjoy playing Pong! 🏓